README.md, before:

## Work-Day-Scheduler

## User Story

```md
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours of 9am&ndash;5pm
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

<!-- @TODO: create ticket to review/update image) -->
![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

Commit message:

finally figured out how to get the colors in the hours to match to the time of day. grey=past red=present green=future. Updated my README file.

README.md, after:

## Work-Day-Scheduler

```md
Below is a link to my Work Day Scheduler. This scheduler will display a color based off the time of day. Grey is for the past, red is for the present, and green is for the future. When entering your notes in each time, you will be able to save the note and retrieve it later on!

Link: https://github.com/Matthuu75/Work-Day-Scheduler

## User Story

```md
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours of 9am&ndash;5pm
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

<!-- @TODO: create ticket to review/update image) -->
![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)
